clean up dataset conversion readme (#168)
mosaicml/llm-foundry: scripts/data_prep/README.md

python convert_dataset_hf.py \
  --dataset c4 --data_subset en \
  --out_root my-copy-c4 --splits train_small val_small \
  --concat_tokens 2048 --tokenizer EleutherAI/gpt-neox-20b --eos_text '<|endoftext|>' \
  --compression zstd
```

Using the `convert_dataset_json.py` script...

<!--pytest.mark.skip-->
```bash

> # Convert C4 dataset to StreamingDataset format

Reviewer: comment should be updated?

Author: yes ... not compressing is a big mistake ... lots of wasted space and engress

Reviewer: sorry, I meant the `# Convert C4 dataset to StreamingDataset format` comment doesn't seem to be correct for this command

python convert_dataset_json.py \
  --path ./example_data/arxiv.json \
  --out_root my-copy-arxiv --split train \
  --concat_tokens 2048 --tokenizer EleutherAI/gpt-neox-20b --eos_text '<|endoftext|>' \
  --compression zstd
```

Where `--path` can be a single json file, or a folder containing json files, and split the intended split (hf defaults to train).

## Converting a finetuning dataset

> Using the `convert_finetuning_dataset.py` script you can run a commandsuch as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `convert_finetuning_dataset.py` script you can run a command such as:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: you'll probably want to pytest skip the bash commands to get CI to pass

> python convert_finetuning_dataset.py --dataset ""Muennighoff/P3"" \

Reviewer: whats up with the double double quotes?

Author: oh thats just a mistake

--splits "train" "validation" \
--preprocessor "your_preprocessing_function"\
 --out_root "/path/to/your/output_directory"
```

This example assumes:

- You are running the script in the terminal or command prompt where `python` command is recognized.
- `"Muennighoff/P3"` is the dataset you want to convert. Substitute "Muennighoff/P3" with the name or path of your dataset.
- `train` and `validation` are the splits of the dataset to convert.

> - `llmfoundry.data.finetuning.tasks:p3_preprocessing_function` is a string that provides the name or import path of the function used to preprocess the dataset. Substitute it with your actual preprocessor.

Reviewer: i think there are more details on how to define a preprocessing function somewhere else, maybe point to those?

Reviewer 2: Reviewing this had led me to catch some issues with preprocessing. I'll address that in a separate PR, along with other improvements.

Author: @dakinggg  I updated with a link to relevant files, but unless I missed it I can't find pointers on how to define the function (other than the code)

- `s3://<bucket>/muennighoff-p3` is the root path of your output directory where MDS shards will be stored. Replace this with the actual path to your output directory.

Please note that you need to fill in actual values for "your_preprocessing_function" and "/path/to/your/output_directory" in the command above for it to work correctly.

> Also, if you want to keep a local copy of the output when out_root is remote, you can use the `--local` argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, if you want to keep a local copy of the output when `out_root` is remote, you can use the `--local` argument:
```
